>> Jen Kramer: Now that you
have seen Flexbox in action,
you get to do one of my
favorite things of all time.
There are two games that are available
out there, believe it or
not, some of you may be
familiar with these.
One is called Flexbox Froggie,
the other one is called Flexbox Defense.
I'll pull these up in
a browser tab right now.
And what I'd like for you to do is
pick a game and to go on ahead and
try playing it, and if you have time
go on ahead and do both of these.
And if you don't have time then do as
much as you can on one of these games.
So let me show you what
these games look like, and
then I'll put the slide back up so
you have the URLs.
So Flexbox Froggy looks like this.
You have a little froggy.
You have a little lily pad here.
You're at level one here, and
you're gonna write some code to put
the froggy here onto the lily pad.
So they've suggested here
that you're going to use, for
example in this first one,
use the justify content property.
Here's some possible values, for
example, using justify content flex
end will move the frog to the right.
So if we said, justify-content,
flex-end,
>> Jen Kramer: Our froggie jumps onto
the lily pad.
Isn't that adorable?
And if we said something different like,
justify-content: center,
then our froggie might move but
he doesn't make the lily pad, okay.
So that's one possible game.
The other one is Flexbox Defense.
>> Jen Kramer: [COUGH] And so
as this one will tell you,
this is working with Flexbox.
And what's gonna happen is you have little
guns and you have the little armies or
whatever running down a particular path,
and you're gonna try to take them out.
Little bit more violent
than the little froggies.
So same kind of thing here.
So here's your guns.
You want to position them
somewhere on this path
such that it's gonna take out the little
things that come down the path.
It's saying,
use the justify content property to
move these two towers into position.
So if I said, for example,
justify-content: center,
perhaps, and then start the wave.
>> Jen Kramer: So the little
things are gonna come down here.
The little guns are gonna shoot at them,
and
hopefully we take them all
out before they go by.
There we go.
>> Jen Kramer: Yay, we win.
And then we go on to the next one.
All right, so I'd like you to go on ahead
and try out one of these two games so
that will give you some practice
with these properties and
values that we just went through.